Update issue and PR templates (#3575)
digitalfabrik/integreat-cms: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

- 

> ### Deviation from the issue description and design
> <!-- Explain why the implementation is different from the issue description and design. -->

Reviewer: This is a tricky one, it feels like we would actively encourage implementing something different than what was designed…

```suggestion
### Faithfulness to issue description and design
<!-- If the implementation is different from the issue description and design, replace the following with an explain why. -->
There are no intended deviations from the issue and design.
```
